[♪ opening theme song playing]
JUJUTSU KAISEN
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
[footsteps receding]
EPISODE 49
ONE MORE TIME
[YUTA] I'm sorry.
- [squelching]
- Itadori.
[Sukuna scoffs]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[grunts]
[grunting]
[groans, grunts]
[grunts]
[scoffs]
[CHOSO] He's fast.
I can't figure out
the trick to his technique.
With him
overwhelmingly me this badly,
he's not likely to
reveal his hand.
I have no chance
to use Convergence.
None of my external
Blood Manipulation is usable.
You're persistent.
Seriously, though, what are you?
An older brother
with nine younger siblings.
Flowing Red Scale - Stack!
[NAOYA] Good to know,
but that's not what I asked.
I wanna know
why you're so tough,
and about that technique
of yours. [grunts]
[whooshes]
He's starting to match me.
[thuds]
[Choso gasps]
[NAOYA] I see what he's up to.
Flowing Red Scale, huh?
He's focusing that power
on his external eye muscles
to improve his kinetic vision.
You can't beat me.
I can counter your moves before
you even know you'll make them.
Since you're so persistent,
I went ahead and used my weapon.
Don't worry.
You can easily stop the bleeding
with your Blood Manipulation.
But let's find out
how well you do fighting me
and staunching your blood
at the same time.
[CHOSO] You came
prepared with a sword.
[NAOYA] Keep it a secret,
will ya?
Honestly, I think it's lame,
a sorcerer walking around
with a weapon?
Feels strange if
you can't win without it.
But a surprising number
of people think this way.
It's not just me.
I mean, I think
my older brothers are pathetic
for carrying them,
and yet they think
they have some kind of right
to complain about Toji.
You hate them, don't you?
Your older brothers?
I do hate them.
Older brothers less competent
than younger brothers
serve no purpose.
Actually, I think they
deserve to be hanged.
You should have gratitude
towards them.
Your older brothers have
shaped who you are today.
Ugh.
That is the most disgusting
thing I have ever heard.
Please don't gross me out.
Whether or not
older brothers are competent,
they set an example
for their younger brothers.
If I make mistakes
and go down the wrong path,
then my little brothers
can avoid that path.
And if I go down
the proper path,
then my little brothers
can follow after me.
What would you do
if you were strong because
your older brothers proved weak?
- You asked me why I'm tough?
- Hmm?
[CHOSO] I'll tell you.
I never had an example.
I had to make many,
many mistakes.
And yet,
I kept walking in front
of my younger brothers.
And that made me strong!
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[NAOYA]
What's he going on about?
And how is he still alive
after bleeding so much?
[NARRATOR] The Death Paintings
are a mix of curse and human.
They possess the unique ability
to convert
cursed energy into blood.
Until their cursed energy
dries up,
they cannot die
from blood loss.
[groans]
[light switch thudding]
[NAOYA] Why are my legs heavy?
Did he harden the blood
that seeped into
the fabric of my shoes?
[CHOSO] Do you understand now?
This is checkmate.
Don't congratulate yourself yet.
My technique traces
my opponent's future motions
at 24 frames per second.
This is only a minor hindrance.
I can still move.
He missed his chance.
Why isn't he
striking out against me?
[NARRATOR] Developed after
grappling with his technique
for over 150 years,
this was a Choso original.
SUPERNOVA
[explosions]
[grunts]
[Naoya gasping]
[choking, breathing raggedly]
I'm sorry,
but I can't understand how
you never loved your brothers.
[footsteps approaching]
[gasps]
- [gasps]
- [punches]
[YUTA] That looks painful.
Naoya.
[hisses]
[NAOYA] Don't look down on me.
[gasps]
[choking, retching]
[NAOYA] What is this? Poison?
[groaning]
Blood Manipulation
shouldn't be capable of...
No, it's not
a product of his technique.
He had that much blood
because he's not human!
Could it be an incarnation?
Is his inhuman blood
in my body being rejected?
[YUTA] Shall I heal you?
I have reverse cursed technique.
It can heal people.
And then in return,
could you please
report Itadori's death
to the top brass,
as per our arrangement?
[YUJI'S GRANDFATHER]
Jin! [echoing]
Yes, Father. What is it?
But if you wanna
talk about her again,
then I'm going home.
Look, Jin,
you're free to live your life
whichever way you choose.
However, you have to
stay away from that woman,
or you'll die!
Please stop saying
such terrible things
in front of Yuji, Father.
You'd be surprised at how much
a baby can remember.
I know that the most
important thing for you
was to have a child.
And I'm sorry
that you were never able
to do that with Kaori.
But, son, Kaori died
and you know I'm-- [gasps]
Now, Father,
why would you say that?
[fire crackling]
[gasps]
[grunts]
I'm alive. But how?
[Yuta sighs]
Oh, thank goodness! [laughs]
[gasps]
[chuckling]
[sighs]
It was September, I think.
Satoru Gojo went out of his way
to see me.
He asked me
to always watch after you.
[chuckles] So I had no choice
but to put on that act.
You were acting?
[SATORU] I've got
a bit of a bad feeling.
If anything happens to me,
I want you
to take care of the first
and second-year students.
Except for Hakari.
He'll be fine.
If anything happens?
You in trouble with a woman?
[SATORU] I'm glad to see
you've developed
a sense of humor, Yuta.
[Yuta chuckles] No, I'm serious.
I just can't imagine
anything happening to you, Gojo.
[SATORU] Well, just in case,
take special care
of Yuji Itadori.
He's been sentenced to
secret execution, like you were.
It would be a big help to me
if you looked out for him.
Oh, by the way, how's Miguel?
He said he didn't wanna see you.
Eh?
[YUTA]
This act was the best option
to prevent someone else
from being sent to execute you.
And to cut off any information
about you to others as well.
Then again,
they're not idiots either.
So before they would
approve me as the executioner,
headquarters made me forge
a pact to make sure I did it.
That's the reason I actually
had to kill you for a moment.
I'm real sorry about that.
Wait. If you killed me,
then how am I still alive?
Reverse cursed technique.
I used my reverse
cursed technique
the moment your heart stopped
to immediately heal you.
I figured it would work,
based upon all the things
I've heard about you before.
I guess I was right.
There aren't
too many people around
who know that I'm capable
of outputting positive energy.
This is the second time
you faked your death.
They're bound to figure it out.
But the situation's
still chaotic.
They're going to believe
you're dead,
for a while at least.
Headquarters will think
your death sentence
was carried out.
Why go this far?
What's in it for you?
I'm doing it because
the people that I cherish
also happen to be
people who cherish you.
The power I shoulder,
I used to think it was greater
than I could bear.
At first, I'd thought the power
had been forced upon me,
but it was really something
that I'd brought upon myself.
I'm not like you. The power
you shoulder isn't yours.
It's not your fault.
That's not true.
You don't get it.
It isn't a matter of
who's to blame or not.
I killed them.
- It was me--
- [MEGUMI] Itadori.
[gasps]
[gasps] Fushiguro,
what are you doing here?
We're going back
to Jujutsu High.
The barrier surrounding
the school has been weakened.
It should be safe
for you to return there again.
So long as no one
sees your face.
We'll meet up with
the upperclassmen and then--
Stop it!
Don't talk about it like
it's just another normal day.
Don't just pretend
it didn't happen.
I killed people.
A lot of people.
It's because of me
that so many are dead now!
[MEGUMI] Because of us!
[YUJI] Of course
you would say that.
[MEGUMI] You can't give up
just because you want to.
[sighs]
We aren't heroes.
We're jujutsu sorcerers.
There's no one who can
judge us unless they've been us.
That's all the more reason
why we have to
keep proving why we exist.
[YUJI] You're wrong, Fushiguro.
We don't have time
to worry about ourselves
and our feelings anymore.
- [YUJI] Don't say that or...
- We exist to save others.
[YUJI]
...you'll end up suffering...
I thought saving people
was your driving motivation.
[YUJI]...the whole time
you stay around me.
Start by saving me, Itadori.
[gasps]
Noritoshi Kamo has
set up a death game
between those he granted
cursed techniques.
The Culling Game.
[♪ sentimental music playing]
Tsumiki has been drawn
into this game, too.
Itadori...
please.
I need your power.
THE CULLING GAME
GENERAL RULES
WITHIN 19 DAYS
PARTICIPATE
BREACH
TECHNIQUE- STRIPPED
ENTERING A COLONY
PARTICIPATE
ENDING
THE LIFE
SORCERER 5 POINTS
NON-SORCERER 1 POINT
JUJUTSU KAISEN
Okkotsu, I need your help.
Sukuna's plotting something
that uses Fushiguro.
He was able
to take over my body in Shibuya
after I was forced
to eat 10 fingers at once.
There's now a total
of 15 fingers inside of me.
Even if I'm fed
the remaining five all at once,
I don't think he'll be able
to take me over again.
But if he does,
if Sukuna appears
and takes control of me again,
I need you to kill me.
Can I trust you
to do that for me?
Yes, of course.
I promise I'll do it.
Okay, Fushiguro.
What do you need me to do?
First, we go back
to Jujutsu High
and then make
contact with Tengen.
How can we release
the seal of the Prison Realm?
What is Noritoshi Kamo's
actual goal?
And what moves will he make?
The Culling Game
is an unprecedented act
of jujutsu terrorism,
and we need answers
to those questions
to resolve this situation.
I think the Tengen
might be the only one
capable of answering them.
[YUJI] What about that woman?
Maybe Tsukumo knows.
[MEGUMI]
I've already spoken to Tsukumo.
In fact,
this whole thing was her plan.
She's also hiding away
at Jujutsu High.
Hiding away from what?
Apparently, she doesn't
wanna deal with the higher-ups.
However, the problem is
Tengen's concealment barriers.
Within the barriers,
there are a thousand
constantly shuffling doors.
Only one leads to
the Tombs of the Star
where Tengen resides.
[YUJI] So unless
we pick the right door,
we can't meet with Tengen?
I'm sorry, Fushiguro, but...
I need to ask you something.
What happened to Kugisaki?
I see.
All right.
[sobs]
All right, I... I understand.
So, about
the concealment barriers.
I have a good workaround
for that.
[YUTA] How long
has he been listening?
What's the workaround? Tell us.
You remember when
Mahito stole Sukuna's fingers
and the Death Paintings?
We're going to do
the same thing.
[indistinct chatter on TV]
Well, it hasn't been that long
since the last time, huh?
Maki, what a surprise.
Oh, hello.
Maki! Is it safe
for you to be up?
Yeah, it's not a problem.
Not much I could do
about the burns.
Reverse cursed technique
can't erase scars.
I have to say,
your Heavenly Pact
of physical prowess
is impressive.
You saved your life
with the strength
of your body's endurance.
You didn't put faith
in your resistance
to curses alone.
It's a shame
the clan head didn't make it.
[MAKI] It's not like it was
a competition or something.
Megumi, how's it going
with Tengen's barrier?
Well, you see--
Let me explain.
On the way
to the Tombs of the Star
is the forbidden vault.
Inside that vault are
Jujutsu High's cursed tools
and cursed objects.
Plus, the remains
of my brothers.
Noranso, Sho-oso, Tanso,
Sanso, Kotsuso, and Shoso.
Even though
it's just their remains,
I should be able
to sense their presence
using the side effect
of my technique.
Good for you!
That's really great to hear.
But who are you?
Well, for now...
I guess you can call him
my older brother.
[yelling emotionally] Yuji!
[YUJI] Let's go.
[CHOSO] That's the one.
I'm certain of it.
My younger brothers are
resting right beyond this door.
I'm opening it.
[YUKI] Let's head down.
Further in, there's an elevator
leading to
the Tombs of the Star.
[YUJI] Choso.
[CHOSO] Coming.
I'll come back for you later.
Hang in there a little longer.
[mechanical whirring]
[door opens]
[YUJI] Bloodstains?
I wonder what happened.
[YUKI] It was 12 years ago.
Thinking back on it now,
that's when
all the distortions started.
Can't just be
a coincidence, can it?
All right, everyone,
the main hall is just up ahead.
[gasps]
[YUJI] There's nothing here.
This is the main hall?
[YUKI] No,
he's declining to speak with us.
Tengen won't interfere
with reality.
I thought if there was
ever a chance to reach him,
it would be now,
while the Six Eyes
are sealed away.
I was obviously naive.
It's not all of us
being rejected,
but just me?
We should head back.
Tsumiki doesn't
have time to spare.
[TENGEN] Leaving so soon?
It's nice to meet you,
Child of Zen'in.
Descendant of Michizane,
Cursed Womb Death Painting,
and at last...
it's the Vessel of Sukuna.
[♪ closing theme song playing]
[TENGEN]
I must impose one condition.
[YUTA] We came here to learn
how to open the Prison Realm.
[YUKI] No greeting for me?
[MEGUMI]
Then why is this Culling Game?
[TENGEN] To force
the evolution of mankind.
[SHOKO] It's better
for the rules if being stripped
means death, too.
[YUJI] If Sukuna
takes control again,
don't hesitate to kill me.
[CHOSO] Don't die out there.